Let's talk about Saved Reports.
Right now I'm in one of
the two treemaps reports that are available within Google Analytics.
There's a treemaps report for all traffic and a treemaps report specifically for AdWords.
We haven't visited these reports yet,
but they can be a very useful format for comparing two metrics.
One metric is displayed by size of the square
and the other metric is displayed by color gradation.
Let's change the primary metric to sessions
and the secondary metric to e-commerce conversion rate.
Now, we can see at a glance which channels are sending significant numbers of sessions,
and how those channels are performing in terms of e-commerce conversion rate.
A good way to identify high performance or
low performance in channels that are sending a lot of traffic.
We see that the referral channel is sending a significant number of sessions,
and it is performing well in terms of e-commerce conversion rate.
We can drill down into referral and get
even more insight as to which sources account for the greatest number of referrals,
and how those sources are performing in terms of e-commerce conversion rate.
Let's say that you wanted to make sure to refer to this report
configured as is at any later time,
you wouldn't have to find the report again and manually
reconstruct the configuration that you currently have.
What you could do is click Save, enter a name.
Let's call this treemaps channels sessions versus e-commerce conversion rate.
Click Okay.
Now, we could navigate away from this report.
Now, we can click Customization,
Saved Reports, and here's the exact report configuration that we have saved.
Notice that all of the same settings are still in place.
So, if you get a report looking exactly the way you want in terms of display,
drill down, filtering, or segments,
you can save the report and refer to it again anytime down the road.
Notice that there is not an option for sharing saved reports
because saved reports can have a dependency on a segment that's applied,
and not all users have access to the same segments.
Therefore, saved reports are truly a personal asset within Google Analytics.